(/deployments/overview): recommend adding authorizedParties to clerkMiddleware (#1845)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/deployments/overview.mdx

To share sessions and authentication across two different domains with the same Clerk application, see the [Authentication across different domains guide](/docs/advanced-usage/satellite-domains).

## Configure `authorizedParties` for secure request authorization
For enhanced security, it's highly recommended to explicitly set the `authorizedParties` option when authorizing requests. This option acts as an allowlist of origins to verify against, protecting your application from subdomain cookie leaking attacks. Without this setting, if an app on another subdomain of the same root domain as your Clerk app is compromised, that app could potentially generate valid sessions for your Clerk app.

The `authorizedParties` value should include a list of domains allowed to make requests to your application. Omitting this setting can expose your application to [CSRF attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/csrf).

### Examples

> The following examples show how to set `authorizedParties` with different Clerk middleware functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to set `authorizedParties` with different `clerkMiddleware()` functions.
```
